{Ohh, another one of these,
yes.}
{As a reminder, this is a
complex scene. With complex
scene, we ask you to describe
what you see in the scene and
what is happening as thoroughly
as you can. Just imagine that
you're describing it to someone
that cannot see the picture and
take between 3 to 5 minutes for
the time. OK, whenever you're
ready, you can go ahead. OK,
well.}
#START_unfriendly_giants Um,
this is another picture with
lots of people and lots of
things going on.
There are.
what appear to be giants.
It's mostly male giants and then
there are very small people.
And.
Buildings. I see a very small
building that looks like an
outhouse with a thatched roof.
And a man on top and a wooden
door.
And.
I see another building that's a
little bigger, maybe a home with
a thatched roof and chickens on
top and a chimney in the middle
and a wooden door. 2 windows.
There are two or three other
small.
Residences. Then I see a
windmill.
That's
With a giant next to it, it
looks like maybe he was spinning
the windmill. There's another
windmill in the distance.
There's birds in the sky and
there's, oh, there's so many
giants. There must be 20 giants.
There's no way I can describe
them all, but there's one.
He's taller than a tree, and
there's people in the tree.
There's all kinds of colors.
Red and yellow and green and
blue and there's a stone
building. Well, that's a big
building, sort of like a castle.
There's little people on the top
of the castle.
There's a giant behind the
castle with what looks like a
thatched roof on his head.
Peering over the top of the
castle.
There's a giant walking up the
hill, 2-3 giants walking up the
hill. There are small people
tucked into his belt behind his
back.
There's a.
River and.
There's a house with a thatched
roof in the middle of the river,
people on top, and a giant
putting a rope around that
house, and another giant walking
on the rope and.
There is another giant on the
left.
Looking at a woman that seems to
be made out of wood, she's
waving.
He has a hood, he has a belt, he
has a bracelet. They all have
moccasins.
There are a bunch of giants
playing checkers with people.
{You want me to keep going or
should I stop? I mean, we're
good.}
There is a what?
Looks, I don't know, some kind
of wooden structure and there's
a big mallet at the top. Looks
like it.
It's down in a while. I'm not
sure what it does. There's a
giant giving another wooden
woman a bouquet of flowers. He
has a heart above his head.
There's a.
Maybe it's a spray of water? I'm
not sure where it's coming from.
#END_unfriendly_giants Must be
coming from the river, but I'm
not sure how it got there.
{OK. We can go on to the next
item. Issue is a little more to
say, right? Yeah. Yeah. I really
like the selections awards that
you have. OK. More objects. I'm
trying to do more objects.
Yeah.}
{In the last time you made that
a little bigger. Are you able to
do that again or is that as big
as it gets? I used the size of
the book, so. OK. All right, you
ready? I'm ready.}
#START_birthday_party_fun Well,
there are again, lots of people,
some of them in costumes.
Most of them in costumes.
There's a bouncy castle.
Because I don't see. Oh yeah, I
see a couple people without
costumes, all right.
There is a person named Rabbit
costume with a white or white
tail. There is a superhero in
the castle. There's a costume
that looks like Batman. There's
one that looks like a double.
There are lots of people with
that look like skeletons.
There's Red Riding Hood and the
bad wolf behind the Basque.
Bouncy castle looks like a
party. There's a big table with
a banquet.
Table with lots of food, a big
pink cake, a salad, cupcakes and
other cake cookies.
Chips, sandwiches. There's a pig
helping himself to some food at
the table. There is a small
swimming pool and there's some
people in it. And there's a boy
with orange shorts and a red
bucket pouring water on
someone's head.
There's a boy or a girl. A girl
with a blue bathing cap.
Sitting in the water and another
girl with a ponytail sitting on
the edge of the pool.
There are people with swords and
helmets and there's someone that
looks like an Egyptian pharaoh
and a clown and a robot and.
A night with a shield and a
policeman blowing a whistle. And
I don't know, did I mention that
birthday cake? There's someone
dressed like a Native American,
a woman long black ponytail.
A Dalmatian.
Statue of Liberty costume these
are all the costumes. A leopard.
A caveman costume. He's a man
that looks normal. Just normal.
Pink shirt and a red tie. He's
got a gift in his hand. There's
lots of gifts on one of the
tables. There are balloons.
There's a girl all in pink with
pigtails and a pink bow. And a
witch with a purple hat with
stars on it and.
A hedge.
And.
#END_birthday_party_fun Rope
{For wordless picture books, so
you will see a series of picture
that tells a story. You can take
some time to look at the
picture, but describe the
pictures again focusing on
names. Um, with as much detail
as you can.}
{OK, do I have to start at the
top?}
{You don't wanna start with the
bottom. OK, well, we're looking
at it this way. Across, down,
across, down, across. Wait a
minute.}
{Say it again. Start across
here. OK, next row.}
{DATA MISSING, DOES NOT MATCH UP
WITH PPTX Got it. All right.
Well, we're looking at a
portrait of a.
Family, a small family, and
maybe a man, a woman and his
daughter. And looking at that
portrait is a man. And he's got
a spoon in his hand and a bowl,
and I think he's having some
soup while he's looking at that
portrait.
on the Chest.
now we The camera has pulled
away and we see the whole man,
not just his suit. You see he's
wearing a vest and white shirt
and he's looking at his soup,
not at the portrait. And we've
pulled further away now, and
we're looking at him through a
porthole of a ship and he's
looking at us. He stopped eating
his soup and now it's pulled
further away and we see 3
portholes and now the camera is
pulled further away and we see
10 portholes, but we can't
really see.
What's going on in there? Now we
can see that there are hundreds
of portholes because this is a
large.
Cruise ship.
And above the cruise ship.
Which is out in the middle of
the ocean is a huge white fluffy
cloud.
{Oh, oh, oh. Clouds. OK, good.
We're not going to have to
describe that. Good.}
Alright, well the ship is
proceeding along and the cloud
doesn't look so white and
fluffy. Now it's getting a
little darker. Maybe it will
storm we get a better look.
At the ship and it.
This is probably part of the
ship where the people.
Who are, who don't have as much
money are staying.
There are.
some men, and there are women
and they're.
It's probably cold because
they've got blankets over their
heads.
hats long pants and jackets and
they're just sitting on the.
Maybe sitting on luggage or a
few little seats and you can see
the mast of the ship.
Looks like they're on the on top
exposed, so if that cloud cloud
bursts into rain, they're going
to get wet. OK, I don't know
what else to say there END OF
DATA MISSING }
#START_arrival-2 Well, now we're
looking at just three women that
were on deck there with the.
scarves over their heads and
blankets over their laps and now
we see three men with hats, one
with a hat, two with caps with
their luggage on the deck and we
see a closer upshot of a woman
holding a baby with a man
behind.
That man may sit down in a few
minutes and start.
Writing in this book, he writes
a little bit and then he tears
out one of the pages and he
folds it. He folds it again, and
he folds it into a shape of a.
bird
And he looks at it for a moment,
and then he looks back, but we
don't know what he's looking at.
And he walks alone, holding the
bird and the book.
And he looks up in the sky.
And sees.
Many of many birds that look
something like his and all the
people on the deck are looking
up also. They're all watching
these white birds pointing.
Sorry.
Set it.
Who did you want more on that?
Oh, we're good. OK.
Oh boy.
So the birds have gone way high
up in the sky and we can see the
skyline.
See lot of tall skyscrapers.
And then we can still see the
people on the deck of the ship.
And they seem to be looking out
toward the birds.
But they also see something else
in the sky.
Some bigger.
Vehicles in the air and lots of
boats in the water. They're
coming in. I think they're
coming in for a landing and.
Then on the next page, if they
get a little closer to land,
they see.
Two large.
Sculptures.
of People.
One in a cap in one.
With the fez and the sculp of
the hands of the sculptures are
touching like they're shaking
hands, and below one is a
suitcase and a fruit bowl and a
cup and a saucer and vapes, and
below the other is a teapot and
a triangular shape.
Another tugboat maybe going by.
Yeah.
Next page.
And now we see the ship.
From the front as it's coming
into shore, you can still see
those white birds, we can see
that tug boat right next to it.
hope they don't hit and we can
still see those big clouds in
the sky, but there's some sun
coming through the clouds on the
next page. We're getting a
better look at the people who.
Seem to be getting ready to
disembark.
Umm.
There's a man with a bullhorn
and a hat kind of running the
show, maybe saying go this way,
and there's people.
Helping pull the luggage with
ropes and other people just
carrying their own suitcases and
the families are kind of being
pushed along, you know?
#END_arrival-2 Crowd. They're
not moving at the moment,
they're just waiting. They still
have their scarves on their
heads and their hats, and
they're ready to get off the
ship.
Well.
{DATA MISSING, IMAGES NOT IN
PPTX FOR ARRIVAL 2 They've now
entered all those people.
The same people or different
people? If it's the same people,
they've now entered a large hall
With rows of.
I don't think it's rows of seats
just rows for them to stand
there are there are balconies.
There's not many people, if any,
on the balconies. a huge.
A very tall ceiling out the a
large window you can see some
buildings that are.
Shaped like cylinders and
there's some bubbles in the air.
Um, we have some close-ups of
people. Oh, they seem to be.
They're being checked out one at
a time.
Someone is checking their name
off a list.
And then someone else is pinning
a.
Name tag on them or some kind of
identifier. Someone else, maybe
a doctor, is checking their eyes
and their ears.
And their mouths was opening
their mouth really wide. You can
see the teeth and the tongue.
And they're putting a symbol.
Everyone gets a different
symbol.
And they're checking their
heart.
And they're showing them some
writings {and I can't quite see
the last couple because I see
you're in front of it.}
{I don't know how you can move
yourself.}
{Here, here we go. There I moved
the book.} And so there's still
some different the last one
there's a man.
Holding his hat. Maybe he has a
child nearby. He looks worried.
OK. OK.
Now we're focused on this one.
Gentleman who seems to be
worried. He's got a lot of
different.
Tags on him, identifiers, and he
looks like he's talking to
someone and he can't hear what
they're saying or he can't
understand what they're saying
because he has his hand up to
his ear and his brow was
wrinkled and he's scratching his
head and he looks very worried.
He's trying to explain something
and he's using his hands. He
puts two hands out, like really
don't understand. He puts two
hands up like please listen to
me. And then he holds up a
picture of.
his family
But it doesn't seem he's being
understood and he gets more
bothered and.
He holds us, scratches his head
and holds his hand up to his
forehead, and we're not sure
what's going to happen to him.
Not sure what we're looking at.
Maybe it's the man across from
him looking through the files
trying to find what he needs and
typing on an unusual sort of
typewriter and puts maybe what
looks like the man's passport
in.
He's getting ready to stamp it,
grabs his stamper and stamps his
passport.
And.
Now he's just looking at it
while he.
Moistens something and.
Now he's going to write on it.
You can only see his arms, his
sleeves. Ohh different people.
Yeah. First the first first
person sleeves. Yeah, that was
the the man that was typing had
triangles on his sleeves. The
man that stamped it had stripes
on his sleeves. The man that.
Right. That wrote on it had
polka dots on his sleeves. And
now, finally, there's another
man who's looking at it,
studying it.
And.
It's going to put another stamp
on it.
With those little things are
quite little.
Funnels,but I don't know. I
don't know what.
So now his passport is stamped.
He still looks worried. He he
may not be with his family,
still he's. But his passport is
stamped and he folds it up and
puts it in his pocket, folds his
hands and.
Looks rather sad and we're
looking at them through a little
window which is part of a little
box which is now.
Being pulled by a tea ball up
into this ohh by a balloon up
into the sky. Oh.
Ohh, that's what those were.
They weren't. They were all
balloons. It's all the people
who.
OK, attached to all those
balloons are people who.
Didn't get the right identifier
I guess.
Below, some beautiful buildings.
Those upside down cylinders, but
also some beautiful.
Disc.
Buildings with domes. Gold
domes. Don't know what else to
say about that.
OK, so is this where they went?
Yeah. I don't know. Maybe they
did have the right identifier.
They went to this beautiful
place.
More buildings with domes and
pointed.
Roofs. We only see one of those
balloons flying through the sky.
The clouds are thin now.
Flying over this.
Maybe it's city.
Um, we see boats, we see.
a few people.
on this Highway, maybe?
But I don't know what's on the
highway.
Really know if there's some kind
of vehicles maybe?
There's smoke coming out of a
smokestack.
there is maybe little city in
the background with little
houses, but these houses we're
looking at here are very large
and there seem to be made of
stone and the biggest one of
all. And it's not a building,
it's just a big statue, maybe is
a.
bird its got 2 huge wings and
it's head sort of becomes a beak
and it's holding a large egg.
{That's about all I have to say.
All right, that's great.}
Well, you see a bunch of little
rodents.
Maybe eating something off the
ground and then they pick up
their heads.
We're moving a little bit away
from them as we see that.
What I call that before little
looks like?
Little looks like a telephone
booth really being dropped.
Once it hits the ground, the
door opens and outcomes that man
that.
Was worried before and he's
looking around. Ohh he takes the
time to close the door.
How about that?
has a suitcase and he's walking
toward.
This.
Downtown, where there are other
people.
Just like him. A lot of them.
Maybe. Maybe they were brought
by all those balloons. He's the
only one that has a suitcase. He
looks like the only newcomer.
Oh, but there's another one
coming. Unless that's the one he
just got out of. Yeah, that's
probably the one he just got out
of.
There's a car, there's 2 2 cars,
very.
Unusual cars there's.
I don't know. It's just not. I
don't know what more to say
about that. We can move on,
doesn't it? But ohh.
OK, I imagine these are all the
things the man is seeing.
As he walks through this little
town, he sees a boy.
With what looked like newspapers
under his arm, he's wearing his
cap and he's holding a
billboard. Probably says
newspapers for sale.
And we see a woman holding up.
Unusual cat.
Talking to another woman and we
see a man.
Selling some sort of food from
his food truck. He has an
unusual what looks like a lizard
in a basket on the front of his
food truck. It has four small
wooden wheels and looks like
it's hot food because.
Sort of steam coming out of the
top of a.
Pipe.
And he sees, well, sees someone
with a crate with two huge eggs
in it. I mean they would could
be dinosaur eggs, but they've
got there's a man and a woman,
they've got two more and they
are not going to fit in there.
And let me walk so long and he
sees someone getting a shave.
Must be a Barber shop. Someone's
getting a shave. And there's a
small boy, everyone has caps.
Small boy behind, maybe he's
waiting his turn on the floor
are some nails are very large
snails. And then we see a man
with a.
Well.
An accordion, but it's got a
huge attachment, like a horn,
and there's another man he's
sitting and another man playing
a violin and there's a music
stand.
Those rodents are look like
they've moved over.
There and then there's a bunch
of.
Women.
Sitting down.
Just looking at a magazine or
newspaper, one of them is and
the other is.
Making something, maybe knitting
and another one just looking,
holding her rabbit and just two
more in the background. And then
the man is just taking all of
this and he can't quite figure
out where he is or what he needs
to do. There's a boy with a
bicycle and behind him.
Well.
He found something.
I don't know where he found it
and I don't know what it is.
But he found something on.
Looks like maybe watch?
And he opened it, and he's maybe
trying to figure out.
Which way he should go? Maybe
it's a compass, maybe it's a
compass. Anyway, it's looking
every which way, trying to
figure out which way to go, and
he finally starts walking.
And he's not sure where he's
going.
He walks a little further, and
he sees those little white
bubbles again. They're getting
bigger. Something like.
They're small versions of the
big one that brought him there.
But then suddenly they start.
Blowing starts blowing and it
blows off his head and it blows
the bubbles and he goes to pick
up his hat and he puts it on his
head.
And when he does that, he sees
something on the ground, almost
like a map. He thinks maybe, oh,
it's a book, you know, it's not
a map, it's a book. He finds a
book. He starts looking at it,
thinking maybe that will tell
him what he needs to do. But
someone comes up and starts
talking to him and he turns
around and looks and there's a
man with a turban and he says.
Come, can I help you? And the
man says, well, maybe. Let's
see, what can I do for you is
the man in the turban. And the
other man says, well, look, look
at this book. Let's see. I'm
going to draw you what I want. I
want this bed. Oh, you want a
bed? He says, OK, well, come
this way. So he follows him.
And he's hoping he's going to
find a bed. The man has a.
Basket on his back and there's a
armadillo looking out, right?
What that is?
OK, so he's hoping he's going to
get a place to sleep. The man
says try try this, and the man
says Ohh, thank you, thank you
very much.
He goes in, looks in the door,
and he sees a book and a little
container.
And as he looks closer, the
container starts to open and.
Some kind of creature comes out.
A woman appears and says stop,
get back.
Don't shriek.
She she just picks that little
creature up in her hand and the
man says.
Can you help me? I need a place
to sleep and get some money out.
There's about $3 there and she
writes in her book.
His name I assume, and takes his
money. She looks happy, gives
him the key. Thanks. The key.
And finds his room, he hopes. Oh
yes, he's matching the symbol on
the key to the symbol on the
door.
And goes in.
Well.
It's an unusual room. She had a
bed.
There's a ladder, some bottles,
some pipes, the chair, a table.
Light.
Some gears above a goblet.
That's about it. Window.
Yeah.
So he looks.
It's something I'm not sure.
Put his hat on the chair, and
then he looks at some little.
Lights, maybe? Looks out the
window. He's checking everything
out. Looks out the window, looks
in the little bottles, looks in
the other containers.
Looks closely at the lights,
opens the drawers.
Rice to get some water turns
tries to turn the faucet on and
get some water.
But out came some.
Oh yeah, out came the water very
forcefully.
Found a towel somewhere. Dried
himself off when he heard
something in one of the
containers, so he lifted the top
and when he lifted the top.
Seesaw.
Being.
White.
Fish with feet and a long tail.
They looked a little surprised.
Tried to close them back in
there but didn't get it closed
in time and out ran the fish.
How's the door? Up a ladder and
into a little room. Well, the
man followed him up the ladder
and lo and behold, showed him
where the bed was.
Now he's got. Now he found his
bed.
The fish is sitting on the bed,
OK.
Well, the man went back down,
got his suitcase, came up the
ladder.
Push the push on bed I think and
opened his suitcase well when he
opened his suitcase.
Saw his.
Wife and daughter sitting at a
table.
Getting meals with no clothes in
there, no toothbrush or.
And maybe that's just what he
thought of, because it seem kind
of thinking. And then you do see
something some real things you
do see handkerchief and some
clothes and.
Is pulling up a nail. Ohh. He
used his shoe to hammer a nail
into the wall and he pulled that
photograph of his family out.
And he hung it up, and we can
see a real close up of his wife
and daughter.
And then hold three of them
holding hands and he just looks
at it and studies it and the
fish is looking at him and him
we're pulls away and we see him.
From a distance and now we see a
bunch of people in their windows
from a distance.
Even a closed line.
Yeah.
More.
This should be the last page.
Well, I'm trying to see. Oh,
there. Is that his building
then? Yeah. OK, that's his
building. He's in there with all
those other people looking.
At their photos, probably of
their families. The little birds
are still out there and he's
he's probably looking out at the
city had all those unusual.
Structures on the roof of the
building across the street from
him.
And now we're getting a closer
look.
I just don't know how to
describe that **END OF DATA
MISSING }
{We don't. Yeah, that's OK.
Thank you. So that was really
great. Let's now take a break
because that was a long one.}
{OK, ready to keep going to the
next item? Yep.}
{This seems like a piece of cake
after the good so}
#START_by_the_lake OK, so this
is a beach scene.
We see some some sand and.
People building a sandcastle.
They've got shovels.
Um, but mostly we see water.
There's a little bit of sand,
lots of water, some mountains in
the distance, snow capped
mountains. There's some.
Usually it's like.
Cabin.
And there's people sitting on
the rail, one person kind of on
the railing, there's a picnic
table and some people having a
picnic, someone with a.
pancake slipper.
Umm
not sure why he has that. Oh,
they probably are making
hamburgers. And he.
using that to flip the
hamburgers. There's a thermos
there, probably keeping their
drinks cold. There's a girl
doing a backbend. There's a girl
doing a handstand. Almost
everyone's in bathing suits.
Lots of bright colors.
There is a dock and some people
fishing on the dock. There's a
girl with a pool noodle. There's
some lots of boats, all kinds of
boats. There's a raft, really
crowded, a lot of people on
that.
Umm.
There's sail boats, there's
kayaks. Theirs.
Canoes. There's motorboats, just
full rafts. There's people
floating on rafts. There's
hardly any room in the water and
hardly any room on land.
Uh, there's a man playing a
guitar and a woman listening.
There.
Is a man with a net probably
wants to catch some crabs.
There's a woman on a paddle
board. There's.
There's two people in a paddled
boat. They have life.
vests on, yeah. Every one of
the people in the water have
life vests. Not everyone. Lot of
paddleboards. There's a.
Lot of not a lot of umbrellas.
Couple of umbrellas.
Umm.
There are some people playing
with the soccer ball. They're
kicking the soccer ball.
There's another little boy with
a net and a girl with a shovel.
Boy with a pale.
And the dog barking at a girl.
And two, floating on rainbow
colored tube there's a beach
ball.
There's a swan.
There are.
Like one guy swimming, everybody
else is pretty much.
Standing still.
guy on top of the Little Rock.
With his arms in the air, maybe
he's going to dive. Hope not.
Too crowded. Some trees in the
background and it's.
bigger house.
two bigger houses in the
background. Ohh there's a.
Don't know what those are.
Those.
Things in the sky that people
get pulled in behind the boat. I
don't know what they're called.
Umm.
there is
Surfboard maybe, but he's just
thinking about using it, but
probably decided there's not
enough room.
#END_by_the_lake Some small
balls on the ground.
{I don't know. You want me to
keep going? We're good whenever
you because we're. We have.}
{And we can move on to the next
item, which it's ohh that one.
OK, yes, a story whenever you're
ready. OK, this is going.}
{Yeah. And then it goes over
there, OK.}
#START_return So we see.
Man, maybe in his 20s. Got a
beard. He's at a drawing table,
he's working on something, and
in the door floats a red kite
while he's working.
Downstairs, he's working.
Upstairs, there's a.
There's a small door in the
lower part of the wall. We don't
know where that goes and there's
couple of pictures on the wall
and shelf with books, but he's
working up there and then we
can.
We can see below him because
he's a cross section of the
building is a.
Hall, you could come downstairs.
You reach a hall with the door
to the outside. A couple more
pictures on the wall and a big
vase with a plant in it and a
lamp on a small table. And we
can see the lower level too. We
can see some pipes and maybe
part of the furnace. Well, OK,
he or the kite.
The kite looks like it might.
I don't know where it's going.
It went. I don't know where the
kite went.
The kite went, but now we're
looking at another room.
We're looking at.
An upstairs and a downstairs. I
don't know if it's the same
house or not, but.
Upstairs there's some photos on
the wall, and there's a room
with a cat sleeping on the bed,
and we can see the bathroom
because we could see this thing
and the mirror. And down below
there's the kitchen on the left
because we see some cabinets and
some drawers and stove. And then
there's another room, maybe a
child's room.
The child has something red and
it's in his left hand, it's got
a crown on and he's drawing with
a red crayon.
Like he's
drawing a door.
Hmm.
Ah, so there's.
Huh.
That's just.
OK, now that man that was at the
drawing table is down in.
In the room.
{No, I'm not sure. She's the
only. This is all I have. Oh.
Oh. I didn't see that. Hold on.
See that? OK.} The man the
drawing table sees the kite on
the ground. He picks it up.
Looks at it, and he leaves it
there and proceeds downstairs.
Where he goes to find.
Maybe that little boy, but the
little boy's gone, however.
He sees that door in the lower,
sees another door that looks
like the one in his room, and
it's red. It's a red door. Maybe
it's the door driven, drawn by
the boy. He's looking out.
But he's not sure if he should
go. {I don't know what else find
out.}
So I guess.
I guess he went.
I guess he went, because there
he is. He comes out the door,
comes out the base of a tree in
the woods.
Think I've seen this before?
Yeah, there's a lot of lanterns
in this guy. It seems to be
maybe dusk.
And there's a lot of trees and
lanterns, but he looks a little
further and he sees a red ball
sitting on a dock near the
water.
And I will see if he goes over
there. So he goes over there
and.
He picks it up.
And just as he picks it up.
In the water.
stream comes a large white, a
large wood.
Sort of a boat, yeah.
And he's looking at it and he
decides to hop on it. Oh no.
See how fine you decide? Yeah,
you still in there as it goes
by.
He's thinking and thinking and
yeah, he decides. I guess right
at the last moment, just in
time, he's going to hop on his
boat.
OK.
And the boat
Comes to a big castle.
And.
I don't see anybody in the
castle.
But he's working. He's
straining, holding his hand up
over his eyes to see.
What's going on?
Yeah.
In the distance.
There's a bridge.
You know, over the bridge.
Is the little.
The little boy, I think he was
looking for the little boy. He's
a little boat, little red boat
going over the bridge. He's a
little further ahead going into
the castle.
Yes.
So the older man catches up to.
The boy that was.
The boy left his.
dropped just ball, the ball is
now on the boat that the man was
riding and he's boys running up
the stairs to see a king and
another boy.
And there's some people watching
and older man is running after
this boy.
And.
The boy that was there with the
king looks. Is it a girl? {Oh, I
can't tell who's who here, but
sorry.}
The girl looks not very happy
and.
{I I just don't know what to say
about this. We can go on you
yeah ohh you can describe some
of the objects in the
background. Ohh you want. OK be
exhaustive OK objects in the
background we always looks like
} there's an ocean in the
background there. All the bird.
purple
bird. The sky is beautiful shade
of blue and purple there.
Buildings are.
domes on top and inside where
the king is.
he has a crown. The boy has a
crown, the girl has a crown, and
there's a throne.
Now they're all inside. The
king, the boy, the girl and the
man. And something's arrived.
Something's coming, arriving. It
seems to be coming out of that
boat.
The man came in.
Just at the same time that
Purple Bird is coming.
Can see stars in the sky.
The.
There's more than one person
coming out of that boat. There's
a few.
Soldiers, and the King holds
something up.
It's as if to say stop or go
away, and the man is holding his
hand up as if to say to his
daughter to stay there. Don't
get any closer.
So battle
ensues.
The King uses his magic wand or
sword or whatever. I guess it's
a sword he uses tries to use his
sword.
The soldier has a really
elaborate sword, and he's able
to.
Whip the King's sword out of his
hand, and then two soldiers grab
hold of the king while the
children and the man watch.
The boy then.
Grabs his purple crayon.
Umm.
And draws.
Draws up a big purple bird.
Wow, one of the soldiers is
running after the man and the
girl and.
The boy and he draws it.
It's so big that all three of
them can get on board and.
And it flies off into the sky.
Now the soldier just just missed
them.
Down below.
It's a little island with a
house and a windmill.
OK.
So the boy and the girl and the
man are still on this bird,
flying away and down below.
The soldier is still trying to.
grab them I think he might have
grabbed hold of the Purple
Bird's tail and stopped them.
{I'm not sure there's, I just
don't know what else to say
about this.}
The boy has his arms up. He's
looks afraid. They all look
afraid. The girl has her red
crayon, so maybe she'll Draw
Something else they can escape
in.
Ohh.
Hmm.
The kids. The soldier had
something that really injured
the bird because she couldn't
see all the feathers being
falling to her.
Falling away and the.
And the boy fell off the bird
and the soldiers grabbed him. So
they now have the boy and the
girl, and the man and the girl
are falling through the air.
Feathers all around them. She
still has her.
Red crayon. They're holding
hands and the crown is falling
off her head.
{I don't know what else to say
there.}  So she quickly knew she
was going to do something with
that great crown. Quickly she
she starts drawing something
large and red, maybe.
Some kind of airplane. If
they're in their mid air, she's
able to draw, see a little bit
of the bird coming up behind
her.
Hmm.
Uh.
She drew a submarine.
Oh, they're not in the air.
They're now, they're in the
water. So she drew a submarine.
Now they're below the water the
bird is in there with.
With them, they're underwater
and we can see.
Sponges and some.
Fish.
Yeah, some coral.
Their Periscope is up above the
level so they can.
They can see if there's anything
up there, but they can't be seen
because they're in their red
submarine. Looks like the the
man is.
Driving it, operating it, and
she's looking out the Periscope.
Ohh, the Periscope the submarine
ran aground. Looks like they're
stuck. They're stuck, but they
see some beautiful cave
drawings. They're. So they
they're out of the water now. I
don't know if they're out of the
water. They've come. They've
come ashore. Yeah, it seems like
they've come ashore.
And they're they're in a cave
and they see some amazing cave
drawings.
And they're just looking at them
and the bird is still there and.
Looks like they might have gone
in to The Cave deeper into The
Cave because I don't see them
anymore.
They are. They're in The Cave
and there's more drawings and
she's pointing like, here's more
look at this and bird. The bird
is following them, the purple
bird, and they're just.
Following a path, there is a
little door.
Below a ledge, but I don't know
if they've seen it.
Um
Looks like they went back out
either a maybe a different way
because I don't see the
submarine and now this sky is no
longer dark purple, it's light
blue. Things seem a little
calmer and there's no soldiers
insight.
So the man says, can I please
have your black crayons? And she
says OK, and he draws a large.
Rectangle.
And from the rectangle hangs a
little perch for the purple
bird, and the bird just flies
right up there and sits right
there.
{Oh, I didn't even see that
size. Ohh, sorry. Oh, how did I
miss that? They came out. Oh, I
only saw. I totally didn't see
that.} OK, they came out, but as
they came out. Oh, it wasn't so
peaceful. They saw soldiers in
the distance.
So they knew they'd better not
go that way. So that's when he
drew.
The rectangle and the perch
maybe the. I don't know how
that's going to get them out,
but.
We will see, yeah.
Ohh.
So the soldier ran to the bird,
and they knew that would happen
while they hid behind the column
of stone, watching and.
While the soldier tried to get
the bird.
They were very clever and they
made they made a perch that
would close on soldier as soon
as he stepped in there. So the.
Bird flew away.
But the soldier got trapped.
He's behind bars and the ohh and
he lost his.
Weapon that destroyed the bird.
Now they have it. Now the man
has has it and I'm not sure
where the bird is. Actually I
only see a couple feathers. I'm
hoping he got away.
OK, so he smashes the weapon.
The magic weapon. And when he
does that out comes all kinds of
things that probably were
trapped in there, destroyed but
and they come out in a rainbow
of color. Butterflies and
dragonflies and.
Birds and butterflies, I said
that.
And they all fly away.
One soldier is still trapped in
there, and the other two
soldiers are just so surprised
they're they're in shock and
while they're looking at all
the.
Animals escaping.
The king comes from maybe. Oh,
he must have been destroyed. He
must have been gotten too, so he
came out too. So. But he grabs
the boy's hand.
No. The king and the boy were
probably destroyed by the
weapons, so they come out too,
and we'll see if they all get
you reunited. They're probably
going to go through that little
door I saw.
Ohh this skies are
Calming calmer now.
big. One of the Big Blue birds
is taking that.
Trapped soldier away.
I don't all the other soldiers
are leaving on their boat.
The there's a lot of birds, all
kinds of colors flying around.
Still. They're flying. They're
flying off with the big purple
bird. There seems to be a big
purple dragon, maybe in the
water.
And the king is there, the boy
is there, the girls there, the
man's there.
And say goodbye. Now they're up.
There's that door.
The King, the king, and the boy
are staying, and the man and the
girl.
She doesn't want to go.
Are going to go home through
that door, that little red kite
Is behind the door.
There it goes.
there is the red kite
OK, you're
back home, but I don't see them.
I don't see anybody, but the
kite is back home. Oh, they're
probably flying the kite in the
park.
While their home is waiting them
for them to come back to it. Oh
yeah, the doors open. They're
not back yet. Looks like they're
flying the kite in the park. We
can, we can see the upstairs,
the drawing board.
#END_return The hallway. The
basement.
{OK, we can move on to the next
item.}
{We'll take a break after this
one. I think 1.}
{I might make it like bigger and
then go on to the other side and
make that bigger. OK, OK, OK. So
then there is a.}
#START_ancient_rome Some kind
of.
Some kind of festival or
something going on here? Oh no.
Oh, it's just a Waldo bug and I
found Waldo.
I found Waldo.
{I love those. OK, OK, this one,
I'm confused about this one. I
don't really know what this is.}
Looks like an arena, like where
you'd have a bullfight or
something. But I don't see any
bulls, horses. And I see lions
and I see, oh, here it says
ancient games. {OK, I cheated. I
looked over there.} OK, well,
it's an arena and there's
there's all kinds of fighting
going on. All all these fights
going on at the same time.
There's there's people in the
stands watching. There's
soldiers watching.
There's people that look like
Cavemen over by the door where
the animals come in. I guess
lions are coming in.
Yeah, so silly. There's horses,
four horses pulling a chariot
and there's somebody being
dragged behind the chariot.
There are two.
I don't know what to call them
gladiators fighting. But they're
not all gladiators. Some of them
have Shields, some of them
don't. There are little pools on
the ground, little waiting
pools. There's a man pouring
water in there from a big
container. There's.
Not.
There's a lion trying to get
out. He's got his paws against
the wall. There's someone
leaning against the wall. Looks
like he's been injured. There
is.
Lot of people lying on the
ground looking like this.
Um, there's a pile. Ohh that
like it was. 9 10 lions have
have worked together and created
a pile. And then one of them has
climbed up on the pile. Two of
them, and they're climbing out
into the stands. One of them has
grabbed the pants of a man in
the stands. They're running
away.
There's a lot of helmets and
swords of yeah, they're
watching. They're just watching
the lions.
Hmm.
There's just one man helping
another man this.
What is that? There's a tiger. A
tiger? I can't tell what he's
doing. What's that?
Jaguars.
Oh, and there's someone in a
Jaguar costume.
{This is just I don't even know
how to explain this.}
There's a line on top of a man.
He's.
#END_ancient_rome Man still
alive, but I don't know for how
long. And there's.
{OK, that's fine. OK, it's
pretty. Yep, we're good now and
we have to transcribe all this.
We have, we have transcription
to free services that we can
use. That's good.}
{Hey, I'm ready to move on and
finish up.}
{So the next item is again the
story.}
{Just whenever you're ready, you
can start.}
#START_flowerman OK, well.
There is an old woman standing
on a stone bridge.
With a little.
No dog or cat next to her.
Um, the bridge goes over.
I don't know, if it's water,
maybe a little bit of water, big
deep hole with maybe a little
water in the bottom. There's a
dock in the.
At the top of the big ditch is a
old car. Somebody's left
abandoned there. There's four
Street lights at each.
Corner of the bridge.
She's got a hat with a flower
and a green coat and she's
looking down in the hole.
Meanwhile.
Um. Across the bridge is looks
like this little Street of the
town. There's a.
Shops that sells bait for fish.
There's a bar, there's a gas
station, there's a Ferris wheel.
Oh yeah, there's a little
carnival going on. Maybe I see a
little tent like a circus tent.
And a ferris wheel l there's.
Smoke or steam coming out of
some of the smokestacks.
And there's an old tree. Looks
like a dead tree, yeah.
Distance with a bird sitting in
its an eagle, maybe?
the sky is purple. There are no
stars.
So she.
Walks into town and she's going
down the street, which looks
like it's.
Made of stone, not a little
stones.
She's under another street
light.
Um, there are people.
Looking out of the door of a
nearby building, talking.
There is another person standing
by the front door of their
building. You can see people
inside the windows. You can see
the shutters on the windows are
open.
Uh, there are stars in the sky
and these buildings are going to
about 2-3 stories tall.
Um, must be a warm night because
all the windows are open. What's
that in the street? So maybe a
motorcycle in the street?
That's not a garbage can. If
it's a garbage, no. It's a
statue of a man on a horse.
There's a car, just go. I didn't
see that there's a car just
pulling into right about the
intersection where the lady is
about to.
Be ohh so the cars coming and
the motorcycle is coming. There
might be an accident coming.
OK.
Well, I don't think the accident
happened. The ladies walked a
little further. She might.
Ohh no, it's not her house.
She's looking at a house with
The sign in front of it that
says for sale it's very small
compared to the other houses, so
understanding under another
street light.
Again, you can see people in
their windows. You can see a
telescope up on the top of
someone's.
house on the rooftop.
Umm.
I see a Man. Looks like he's
doing dishes and.
Another man doing some painting
is that an easel got a palette
and paints on it. There's a.
Staircase going into a building
with a striped awning.
Yeah.
Fire hydrant.
No woman's just standing there
looking at that house for sale.
Maybe she's thinking it would be
a good place for her to live.
{I can't think of too much
Josh.}
So now.
Well now that little house she
was looking at has been all
spruced up. Someone must have
bought it. There's a man
painting the shutters blue,
someone's painted the roof
purple and the grass is now
growing and the sign doesn't say
for sale anymore. And some
mailbox. The dog in the yard and
everyone seems to.
Either be angry at that house or
admire that house.
Um, everything that's all
colorful. There's a beautiful
tree with flowers in it growing
above it, and everything else is
black and white except the sky,
which is blue.
People are.
Don't look very happy. There's
a.
Milkman, there's a.
People that don't look very
happy.
Men in a wheelchair.
And.
Car blaring its horn out there,
a man in a wheelchair. His leg
seems to be in a cast.
A man with a helmet on a little
motorcycle.
There's two people sitting on a
bench, but I don't see anyone
that looks.
Happy.
At all.
OK.
{You want me to say anything
else? OK, Ohh} and house is even
nicer now he's finished all the
shutters.
It's like he's.
Heading out the tree.
Different color, I think. I
can't remember what color it
was, but now it's orange.
The chimney is beautiful. This
stones in the chimney look like
gems, yeah?
It's she's the only one I see. I
know there's a little fence with
flowers on it.
Yeah.
Um, everywhere else. Let's see.
Oh, there is one other person.
who is in color, not black and
white. Everyone else is still
doing what they were doing. I
mean, it's still doing dishes
and.
Everybody in it, everyone who's
that looks like a robber, looks
like a thief is thinking about.
Going after into that house,
you're going to do something to
that man, but still no one looks
very happy. But there is one
little girl with a blue skirt
and a yellow shirt and red hair.
She's carrying something. Maybe
books. She doesn't look
miserable anyway, and.
The guy with the motorcycle,
he's still there.
All right.
Hmm.
Well, now things are really
changing.
Umm.
Everything's becoming more
colorful.
And.
The tiles of the roof, one roof
are all red and yellow now, and
there's flowers in the flower
box, and the shutters are red on
that house. And there's another
house where the awnings are now
purple and white instead of
black and white, and people
still don't look very happy, but
there's a little more color. Oh,
there's another. Oh, I didn't
even see that page. I wonder if
that happened.
last time.
If I only saw one page. Umm.
{Uh, OK. I don't know what else
to say about that page, but
going over here,} things are
coming alive. Now there's a
moving.
Truck somebody's.
Moving, I can't tell if you're
moving out or moving in,
frankly.
But there's a mover.
And he is
Putting things in the truck or
taking things out of the truck,
people are looking, people are
interested. They want to know
what's going on.
Oh, that man wasn't doing
dishes. He was in a bathtub. I
think he's got a rubber duck.
Umm.
Let's see, there's a girl that
looks kind of happy up in her
window. She's got a little dog.
She's a red hair. I don't know.
She's on the telephone or
something. She's got flowers in
her flower box and.
Um, there's the milkman looks
happy. He's smiling at the.
It's a little boy who doesn't
look very happy.
Um, there's a pot with a red
plant. I don't know. OK, let's
see if somebody's moving in or
moving out.
OK, well everything is in full
living color now.
Everything. This road is made of
beautiful colored stones. The
roofs are beautiful colored
tiles. All the shutters are
striped or bright red or blue.
Everybody seems to be smiling
now. The milkman is dancing with
the girl with the red hair.
Hmm.
In the yard of that little house
now is the man that was painting
shutters, but also a woman and a
little child.
So, oh, he was grilling. Looks
like he was grilling food and.
Maybe he's giving it away. Maybe
that's why people are so happy.
There is.
And there's a little boy, the
ball. He's showing it to his
friends. He's got a dog. They
don't look too happy.
Hmm.
There's some man.
Who has? He's standing by us.
Picture.
You know, frame on an easel and
I don't know if he's trying
this.
Sell his paintings or what? And
there's a little sports car
driving by.
And they are looking at the
picture.
There's a clown in the distance
and.
Little cart with flowers, but I
don't know who's selling the
flowers. I don't think it's the
cloud. There's some balloons.
Clown probably has the balloons.
There's the mailman. He looks
happy. Yeah.
Oh, yeah, there's the painter.
OK. There's the painter upstairs
painting paintings. And the man
downstairs is selling them, I
guess, right.
So nice weather, all the windows
are open.
{I don't know what else to say.
Alright, I'll move on.}
Getting dark? Yeah, it doesn't
look quite so bright.
Changing.
We have a look at old sailor
with a big white beard up on up
on the.
Top of 1 building that's looking
at this.
Boy with him is looking at out
the telescope and they're
pointing at something. You see
something in the sky? I'm not
sure.
There's a clock above the door
of his building. It's 8:50.
There's a woman who she's the
first time I've seen her look
happy. The woman in the pink
dress is sitting.
Sitting with a man on the edge
of little pond milk truck is
parked under the orange tree.
The Purple House is all closed
up.
Hmm. I don't see the old man or
the old woman or the child that
lived there. Maybe they're
inside.
But their dog is outside.
outside the fence. Hmm.
Maybe they moved away. Yeah, and
that moving truck, I don't know.
Maybe they moved away. If they
did, they left their dog behind.
{You can see that what? Oh, you
can see the the median.}
{Oh, there he is. Is that him?
Ohh, that's he's got on her
hat.}
The old man.
Maybe that was never a woman in
the old man had, right? Because
he has a mustache, so it's a
man, but he's wearing the
flowered hat all. Maybe
something happened to her.
Maybe something happened to the
woman.
And he's leaving, but he left
the dog behind.
Um.
Let's see. Is the painter still
there? The painter is gone.
Where's the painter?
No, no, we're not selling
paintings anymore.
And the man is done with his
bath. I don't see him. Where is
he, that big guy? I don't see
him. So there's been some
changes. There been some
changes. Wait a minute. Who's
that old man and woman over
there? That's not the same man.
There's a very sweet older man,
an older woman that they're just
walking arm in arm. I I don't
know. I'm kind of curious. Am I
going to find out?
Oh, it's dark now.
is that the hat.
I don't see the flower in the
hat, but OK, it's dark now.
Where are we?
Another part of town.
You see people inside. We can
see some people outside. There's
a man on the motorcycle. He's
got a patch on his eye and a
bandana on his head.
I can see that statue again of
the man on the horse.
And the man's walking away.
Looks like he's maybe walking
out toward that bridge again.
Again, I said it was a woman
before, but I think it's a man.
I think you pointed him out.
But everything's very colorful
still.
I think I see the painter. At
least I see his. No, maybe not,
no.
It's sunset. The sun is going
down.
Hmm.
Black and white again.
The painter. The painter sitting
at the fountain.
Dog nearby.
A lot of people in there
buildings by the we can see them
through the window and the man
found another house for sale.
And.
Looking at a little ticket or
something, or a key, I don't
know what that is. There's a
different dog.
And there's a man that looks
really surprised looking at him
out the window. Man with glasses
and a pipe and a girl and a.
Woman that look very surprised
looking out the window at him.
Looks like he might be going up
the steps to try to get in.
Oh, that's the flower from the
hat.
{What is that? The only page?
That's it.}
Looks like the man.
Is flower.
with the girl
The flower from his hat which?
#END_flowerman We'll never know,
never know. That was his wife's
hat or and he's just wearing it,
or it was always his. I don't
know, because we never really
did see the woman did. We can't
remember anyway. And everybody
lived happily ever after.
{Thank you. I missed something
there that was.}
{Yeah. So that's the last page
of this part. We can go on to
the next one.}
#START_airport We're at the
airport and.
It's way too crowded. I don't
know how any of those planes are
going to get anywhere so jammed
in there.
There are.
Small.
Planes and bigger jets. And
there are also.
Trucks.
Going to fill the planes with
fuel and there's buses where
people are coming and going
getting.
From the plane to the airport or
from the airport to the plane,
there are.
The fire engine. Ohh there's a
small fire. No there wasn't a
fire but.
Maybe there was. They're
spraying water on a two people.
There are.
Trucks pulling luggage behind.
There are somebody.
Standing out on one of the wings
of the plane.
Ohh yeah.
There are planes in the air.
There's a biplane. There's a
looks like a.
I don't know what that is.
Maybe.
I don't know really modern
looking plane. There are
balloons, there are flags from
the countries flying on a
helicopter near a helicopter.
Oh no, those flags are on poles.
Looks like the helicopter ran
into the flagpole.
There are people running on a
track.
In the far distance I thought it
was a runway, but it looks like
there's four people running a
race.
Back there.
Did I say there's a blimp? I
don't know, I said.
There is the tower where the.
Controllers, air Traffic
controllers watch all the planes
that are coming and going. Like
there's three of them in there
there.
So inside the airport, OK,
inside the airport we can see
the ticket counter.
And we can see the turnstile
where the luggage is coming in
and people are waiting to find
their luggage and.
We can see a man.
Being checked by security, they
asked him to open his code and
he has.
I don't think it's weapons. It's
just a bunch of watches in there
and I see a man with a briefcase
and I see.
I see a man going through it. I
see one of the.
No office steward, but a worker
behind the counter going through
someone's suitcase, just
throwing his shirt and his book
and his things in the air.
Eat.
Were there any other checking
luggage in and they're picking
luggage up and there's a man
with a toy airplane and.
Looks like something spilled
all.
Maybe there was a fire. Oh yeah,
there was a fire. And they
sprayed foam. Looks like they
sprayed foam to put the fire out
all those boxes. Maybe.
#END_airport Then they sprayed
the people.
{Move back to good here and then
we'll move on to our last item
for today, OK.}
#START_escape_from_the_zoo All
right. We're at the zoo.
Obviously, we're at the zoo.
{I'm going to start on the right
here. OK, there's a.}
There's a tree, and in the tree
looks like.
They look like raccoons, but
they're huge, so they're
probably something different.
And I don't think raccoons go in
trees maybe anyway.
Uh, I see an elephant in the
distance. And an ostrich. And
some polar bears. 2 3 polar
bears, one of them's in the
water.
I see couple of zebra and
flamingos.
Boy dancing a jig.
Uh.
Kangaroo. I see it hopping. I
can't tell if there's a baby in
that pouch. Maybe I see a couple
of workers and they've got a
net. They must be trying to
catch something. Something got
loose.
What other? I see a lion, a male
and a female I see a Maybe a
Gopher or a Prairie dog in a
hole and another one coming up
out of another hole.
Ton of people, but I won't.
They're not really very
interesting. I see a Peacock. I
see a baby carriage. It's a
rhinoceros running blue. Oh,
that's that's what they're
trying to catch with that little
net, OK.
Big rhinoceros running loose.
People look a little frightened.
2 giraffes, 3 giraffes, an Ant
eater? A little.
Little plane parrot.
Umm.
Monkeys. What kind of monk?
Chimps. I don't know. What
they're maybe twice Gorilla. I
see a big gorilla, and then
maybe those are little gorillas.
See a city in the background
with skyscrapers. I see a sign.
See an eagle, parrot and a black
bird. There's a cafe in the
distance. And.
What is that animal back there?
Is that another rhinoceros?
{On the fold, I can't quite see
that}. Other benches. There's a
bench, some benches are under
the tree and people just
relaxing. There's a child with a
mask. Well, let's see what else.
Some kind of animal with antlers
I don't.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo Maybe
antelope another bench of
Penguin an ice cream stand. I'm
surprised there's only two
people in line for ice cream.
Somebody is feeding the animals
and they shouldn't do that. He's
dropping the food out of his
bag. {That's about it. I've kind
of gone all the way around.}
{And what do we do this one more
time?}